## GUIMind
---
GUIMind is a novel automated tool to detect violations of the Data Minimization Principle. The tool consists of two modules: Explorer and Fidelity Checker. Explorer utilizes a reinforcement learning model to explore app activities and monitor access to sensitive APIs that require sensitive permissions. Fidelity Checker uses the existing tool [APICOG](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9251054) to check whether an activity collects more sensitive permissions than the users expect.


## Requirements
---
* A rooted mobile device (e.g., Google Pixel 5)
* Python 3
* Pytorch
* NumPy

## Installation
---
1. Clone the GUIMind GitHub repository to your local machine.
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/AnonymousSE202X/GUIMind.git
   ```
2. Install required dependencies by running the following command:
   ```sh
   pip install pytorch numpy 
   ```
3. Download the pre-trained weight models, Frida, and Standford NLP Parser from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1FrDyUGGBHNazm8rrT5ZFW3nj_iLYQNDA?usp=sharing) and place them in the corresponding directories in the project. **Please note that** if you are using an emulator or another rooted device, instead of a Google Pixel 5 device, it is necessary to **download the appropriate version of Frida**. Otherwise, the project will not launch successfully.

## Usage
1. Connect your rooted Google Pixel 5 mobile device to your local machine and enable USB debugging.
2. Run the Explorer module to monitor and record app activity and sensitive API access.
   ```sh
   python train_main.py
   ```
3. Use the recorded data as input for the Fidelity Checker module to evaluate whether app activity violates the Data Minimization Principle.
   ```sh
   python fidelity_checker.py
   ```
4. Analyze the output report generated by the Fidelity Checker module to identify violations of the Data Minimization Principle.


